ROX-15135: Reorganize requirements structure and add recommended requirements (#61935)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/default-requirements-central-services.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/acs-default-requirements.adoc
:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="default-requirements-central-services_{context}"]
= Central services (self-managed)

Central services contain the following components:

* Central
* Scanner

[NOTE]
====

> If you are using ACS:CS, you do not need to look at requirements of central services, because they are managed by RedHat. You can look further down to look for requirements of Secured cluster services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using {rh-rhacscs-first}, you do not need to review the requirements for Central services, because they are managed by Red Hat. You only need to look at the requirements for secured cluster services.
```

====

[id="default-requirements-central-services-central_{context}"]
== Central

> A containerized service called Central handles API interactions and user interface (Portal) access while a containerized service called Central DB (PostgreSQL 13) handles data persistence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A containerized service called Central handles API interactions and {product-title-short} web portal access while a containerized service called Central DB (PostgreSQL 13) handles data persistence.
```

| 100 GiB
|===

Central requires Central-DB to store data. The following table lists the minimum memory and storage values required to install and run Central-DB.

|===

> | Central DB | CPU | Memory | Storage

Author: I have changed it to `Central DB` in the rest of the document. We are using `Central DB` in other documents and it would be better to stay consistent.

| 100 GiB
|===

[id="default-requirements-central-services-scanner_{context}"]
== Scanner

A containerized service called Central handles API interactions and user interface (Portal) access while a containerized service called Central DB (PostgreSQL 13) handles data persistence.

> Both CentralRed Hat Advanced Cluster Security for Kubernetes includes an image vulnerability scanner called Scanner. This service scans images that are not already scanned by scanners integrated into image registries.

Author: I think this is some copy/paste mistake. I have adjusted it. We should have just a short introduction to Scanner.
